age: Add support for using web performance timer to calculate scrypt work factor (#192)
str4d/rage: age/README.md

- `ssh` enables the `age::ssh` module, which allows for reusing existing SSH key
  files for age encryption.

> - `web-sys` enables calculating scrypt work factor with web Performance timer when
>   compiled to WebAssembly via the `web-sys` crate.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `web-sys` enables calculating the work factor for passphrase encryption with the
  [Performance timer](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/API/Performance)
  via the `web-sys` crate, when compiling for a WebAssembly target such as
  `wasm32-unknown-unknown`. This feature is ignored for the `wasm32-wasi` target,
  which supports [`std::time::SystemTime`](https://doc.rust-lang.org/stable/std/time/struct.SystemTime.html#underlying-system-calls).
```
